
		       DOCUSIGN LOBBY SIGN-IN MANAGEMENT
			     SDK LICENSE AGREEMENT

This DocuSign Lobby Sign-In Management Application SDK License Agreement (the
"Agreement") is made by and between you (“Partner”) and DocuSign, Inc., a
Washington corporation (“DocuSign”), regarding Partner's use of the DocuSign
Sign In Management Application Software Development Kit and any associated
documentation or software code related to it made available by DocuSign
(collectively referred to in this Agreement as the “SDK”).  

The SDK includes documentation for one or more DocuSign application programming
interfaces (collectively the “APIs”), which may be further defined in the SDK,
object code  software code that utilizes the API and is made available “as is”
as an installable, “out of the box” application (the “Application”), and an
“open source” source code version of the Application (“Source Code”) that
enables Partner to customize the Application to its needs.  The Application and
Source Code will collectively be referred to as the “Software”.  The SDK is
made available by DocuSign to allow you to make use of DocuSign’s on-demand
electronic signature service (the “Subscription Service”) in connection with
obtaining signatures from visitors and guests to your physical premises (“Lobby
Sign-in”).  By installing, accessing or otherwise using the SDK, Partner
accepts the terms of this Agreement.  If Partner does not agree to the terms of
this Agreement, Partner may not install, access or use the SDK or any part
thereof.

This Agreement shall also apply to any updates, supplements or future versions
of the SDK and, where applicable, any support services for the SDK.

The parties agree as follows:   

1.	USE OF THE SDK.  Subject to Partner's compliance with this Agreement,
DocuSign grants Partner a license to (a) use the Application “as is” for
internal purposes only in connection with the Lobby Sign-in process; (b) use
the Source Code and APIs solely for the purpose of creating a customized
version of the Application (the “Authorized Applications”).  Partner may make a
reasonable number of copies of the SDK for this purpose, provided that it may
reproduce only complete copies, including without limitation all “read me”
files, copyright notices, and other legal notices and terms that DocuSign has
included in the SDK.  Partner shall refrain from distributing any copy it makes
of the SDK.  Partner shall not use the SDK to develop any applications or
software code other than the Authorized Applications.

2.   	AUTHORIZED APPLICATIONS.  

  (a)	Any Authorized Applications created by Partner may: (a) include
functionality that enables Partner to access and use features available through
the Subscription Service that are relevant to the Lobby Sign-in process; (b)
not include any independent features or functionality that are substantially
similar to or compete with the functionality available through the Subscription
Service; and (c) not provide access to or promote any services that are
substantially similar to or compete with the Subscription Service.  Partner
shall indemnify, hold harmless, and defend DocuSign from and against any
third-party claims or lawsuits, including reasonable attorney’s fees, that
arise or result from its use of the SDK, or the use, marketing, distribution
and licensing of any of Partner's applications or software code.  

  (b)	Any Authorized Applications developed by Partner must be tested by
DocuSign and pass DocuSign's certification process before they may operate in
DocuSign's production environment.  In developing Authorized Applications,
Partner shall follow with the "DocuSign Information Guide - API Best Practices
Information" documentation available at
https://www.docusign.com/developer-center.

  (c)	Partner may not license the Authorized Applications to any third party.  

  (d)	Partner shall not use DocuSign’s trademarks in Partner's applications'
names or in a way that suggests any applications developed by Partner come from
or are endorsed by DocuSign. 

3.  	DISTRIBUTABLE CODE.   If the SDK contains Distributable Code (as
defined below), Partner shall be permitted to include such code in Authorized
Applications under the following terms:

  (a)	Right to Use and Distribute. Partner may copy and use the object code
form of code listed in REDIST.TXT files, if any, in its Authorized
Applications.  Partner may also modify, copy, and use the Source Code in its
Authorized Applications.  The code referred to in the two preceding sentences
is referred to collectively as “Distributable Code.”  In the event that
DocuSign makes available to Partner certain revisions to correct errors in the
Distributable Code, Partner shall incorporate these revisions in the Authorized
Applications that use the Distributable Code as soon as commercially possible.

  (b)	Distribution Restrictions.  Partner shall use the Distributable Code
only as part of developing Authorized Applications.  Partner shall not alter
any copyright, trademark or patent notice in the Distributable Code; include
Distributable Code in malicious, deceptive or unlawful applications; or modify
or distribute the source code of any Distributable Code so that any part of it
becomes subject to an Excluded License.  An "Excluded License" is a license
agreement that requires, as a condition of use, modification or distribution,
that the code be disclosed or distributed in source code form; or others have
the right to modify it.

4.	USE OF THE SERVICES.  This Agreement to use the SDK does not grant any
rights to use DocuSign’s Subscription Service.  Partner's use of the
Subscription Service, and the use of the Subscription Service by anyone hosting
or using Partner's Authorized Application(s), shall be governed by a separate
agreement; generally the DocuSign Corporate Subscriber Terms & Conditions and
DocuSign, or its equivalent.  If no such agreement exists between Partner and
DocuSign, and for some reason Partner does access the Subscription Service,
Partner's use of the Subscription Service shall be governed by then-current
DocuSign Terms of Use available at http://www.docusign.com/company/terms-of-use
until another such agreement is executed by the parties.

5.	SUPPORT. DocuSign is not obligated to provide any technical or other
support (“Support Services”) for the SDK or Subscription Service to Partner.
If DocuSign does make available any Support Services to Partner, Partner's use
of such Support Services will be governed by then-current DocuSign policies
and, if applicable, fees for such services.  

6.	SDK FEES.  The SDK is currently made available at no charge to DocuSign
partners to assist them in their development efforts.  DocuSign may, in its
sole discretion, choose in the future to charge for use of the SDK or the APIs.
If DocuSign chooses to establish fees and payment terms for such use, DocuSign
will provide notice of such terms as provided in Section 14 below, and Partner
may elect to stop using the SDK or the APIs prior to the effective date of such
fees.

7.  	OWNERSHIP.   Partner agrees that DocuSign shall have sole and exclusive
ownership of all right, title and interest in and to the SDK, along with any
associated intellectual property rights (including but not limited to rights to
all copyrights, trade secrets, or patents).  Partner shall have only the rights
specifically granted by DocuSign in this Agreement.  No additional rights are
granted or may be inferred.  Partner acknowledges and agrees that it does not
have any right to: (a) make any modifications to any portion of the Software
except as provided in the Software documentation; (b) attempt to reverse
engineer, reverse translate, decompile or decode any portion of the SDK; (c)
remove any patent, trademark, or copyright notices which DocuSign places on the
Software; (d) publish the SDK for others to copy; (e) rent, lease or lend the
SDK; or (f) take any other actions inconsistent with the limited rights granted
by this Agreement.

8.     	WARRANTY DISCLAIMER.  THE SDK, INCLUDING ANY DISTRIBUTABLE CODE, IS
PROVIDED "AS IS."  DOCUSIGN MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND --
WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED IN FACT OR BY OPERATION OF LAW, OR STATUTORY -- AS TO
ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER.  DOCUSIGN EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  DOCUSIGN DOES NOT
WARRANT THAT THE DOCUSIGN PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (INCLUDING THE SDK,
DISTRIBUTABLE CODE, SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE OR SUPPORT SERVICES AND RELATED
DELIVERABLES, IF ANY), ARE OR WILL BE ERROR-FREE, WILL MEET PARTNER’S
REQUIREMENTS, OR BE TIMELY OR SECURE.  PARTNER SHALL NOT HAVE THE RIGHT TO MAKE
OR PASS ON ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY ON BEHALF OF DOCUSIGN TO ANY THIRD
PARTY.

9.     	DISCLAIMER OF CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.  EXCEPT WITH REGARD TO ANY
INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED
IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY WILL, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE LIABLE TO
THE OTHER PARTY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS OR LOSS OF BUSINESS,
EVEN IF APPRISED OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING.

10.	CAP ON LIABILITY.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL DOCUSIGN'S TOTAL
LIABILITY OF ALL KINDS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTY CLAIMS AND WITH RESPECT TO CONSULTING SERVICES, IF
ANY), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS
BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY PARTNER
TO DOCUSIGN UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE 12 MONTHS PRECEDING THE DATE OF THE
ACTION OR CLAIM.

11.	TERMINATION.   DocuSign reserves the right to discontinue offering the
SDK, APIs, Source Code, and Subscription Service or to modify the SDK, APIs,
Source Code or Subscription Service at any time in its sole discretion.
Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, DocuSign
may also, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend access to the APIs and
Subscription Service to Partner or any end user at any time.  DocuSign agrees
to provide Partner with notice of any such suspension or disablement of
Partner's before its implementation unless such suspension or disablement is
necessary to comply with legal process or prevent imminent harm to DocuSign’s
System, the Subscription Service or any third party, in which case DocuSign
will provide notification of such suspension or disablement as soon as
reasonably practicable thereafter.  If this Agreement expires or is terminated
for any reason: (a) Partner will pay to DocuSign any amounts required to be
paid under this Agreement (if any); (b) Partner will destroy all copies of the
SDK and any other DocuSign software, documentation, and materials within five
business days of such termination, and immediately thereafter, if requested by
DocuSign, provide DocuSign with a written certification signed by an authorized
Partner representative certifying that all copies of software, documentation,
and materials have been destroyed; (d) licenses to use DocuSign software and
the provision of DocuSign services will immediately end; and (e) the parties’
rights and obligations under Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, and 13 will survive.

12.	CONFIDENTIALITY.  

  (a)	“Confidential Information” means any information disclosed by DocuSign
to Partner, directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, or by inspection of
tangible objects (including documents, prototypes, and software source and
object code), which is designated as “Confidential,” “Proprietary,” or some
similar designation, or would be understood to be confidential by a reasonable
person under the circumstances.  Partner's confidentiality obligations with
regard to the SDK, the Subscription Services, and any DocuSign technical
assistance shall be governed by a separate nondisclosure agreement between the
parties.  

  (b)	Restrictions. Partner shall use Confidential Information only for the
purpose of exercising its rights and fulfilling its obligations hereunder, and
shall not disclose any such Confidential Information to any third party without
DocuSign’s express written consent.  Partner shall disclose Confidential
Information only to those employees of Partner who have a need to know such
information for the purposes of this Agreement and only if such employees are
bound in writing by confidentiality obligations no less restrictive than those
set forth in this Agreement.  Partner shall use the same degree of care and
discretion, but in any event no less than a reasonable degree of care and
discretion, to avoid unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information
as Partner uses to protect its own information of a similar nature.

  (c)	Exceptions. Notwithstanding Section 12.(b) above, the confidentiality
and non-use obligations set forth in this Agreement shall not apply with
respect to any information that: (a) Partner rightfully possesses at the time
of disclosure by DocuSign without duty of confidentiality; (b) Partner receives
from a third party authorized to disclose such information without requirements
of confidentiality; (c) Partner develops independently of and without reference
to Confidential Information as shown by documents and other competent evidence
in Partner’s possession; or (d) is or becomes generally available to the public
through no fault of Partner.  In addition, Partner may disclose Confidential
Information to the extent that Partner is required by any applicable
governmental authority to do so; provided, however, that Partner gives DocuSign
prompt written notice of such requirement and reasonably cooperates with
DocuSign at DocuSign’s request and expense in attempting to contest or limit
such required disclosure.

  (d)	Equitable Relief. Partner acknowledges and agrees that due to the
unique nature of Confidential Information, there can be no adequate remedy at
law for any breach of Partner’s confidentiality obligations under this
Agreement, that any such breach may result in irreparable harm to DocuSign, and
that therefore, upon any such breach or threat thereof, DocuSign shall be
entitled to appropriate equitable relief, including without limitation
injunctive relief, in addition to any remedies it may have available at law.

13.  	MISCELLANEOUS

  (a)	Nontransferability.  Partner shall may not rent, lease or lend any of
its rights in the SDK or access to the Subscription Service.  Partner may not
assign its rights, duties, or obligations under this Agreement without
DocuSign’s prior written consent.  If consent is given, this Agreement will
bind Partner's successors and assigns.  Any attempt by Partner to transfer its
rights, duties, or obligations under this Agreement except as expressly
provided in this Agreement is void.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, either
party may assign this Agreement to a successor of its business without the
other party’s consent.  

  (b)	Governing Law.  This Agreement will be interpreted, construed, and
enforced in all respects in accordance with the local laws of the State of
Washington, U.S.A., without reference to its choice of law rules to the
contrary.  The provisions of the 1980 U.N. Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods are expressly excluded and do not apply to this
Agreement.  Any legal action by Partner arising under this Agreement must be
initiated within two years after the cause of action arises.

  (c)	Waiver.  The waiver by either party of any breach of any provision of
this Agreement does not waive any other breach.  The failure of any party to
insist on strict performance of any covenant or obligation in accordance with
this Agreement will not be a waiver of such party’s right to demand strict
compliance in the future, nor will the same be construed as a novation of this
Agreement.

  (d)	Severability.  If any part of this Agreement is found to be illegal,
unenforceable, or invalid, the remaining portions of this Agreement will remain
in full force and effect.  If any material limitation or restriction on the
grant of any license to Partner under this Agreement is found to be illegal,
unenforceable, or invalid, the license will immediately terminate.

  (e)	Notices.  Any notice required or permitted to be given in accordance
with this Agreement will be effective if it is in writing and sent using: (a)
the “acknowledge receipt” function of the Subscription Service; (b) by
certified or registered mail; or (c) insured overnight courier (such as FedEx
or UPS), to the appropriate party at the address set forth below.  Either party
may change its address for receipt of notice by notice to the other party in
accordance with this Section.  Notices are deemed given upon receipt if
delivered using the Subscription Service, five business days following the date
of postal mailing, or one business day following delivery to an overnight
courier.

  (f)	Purchase Orders.  This Agreement shall take precedence over any
purchase order issued by Partner, which may be accepted by DocuSign for
administrative convenience only.  Any additional or different terms in such
purchase orders are rejected unless specifically accepted by DocuSign in
writing.

  (g)	Entire Agreement.  This Agreement is the final and complete expression
of the agreement between these parties regarding the DocuSign Products.  This
Agreement supersedes, and the terms of this Agreement govern, all previous oral
and written communications regarding these matters.  This Agreement may be
changed only by a written agreement signed by an authorized agent of both
parties.

